[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[SEÑOR] I'm sorry.
I didn't want to lose you.
That's why I lied.
Hey, Russian, look here.
I found the same bonnet
that our Gimlet used to wear.
[SEÑOR]
Don't I look like him?
You used to say he
had my face. [chuckles]
[SEÑOR] I'll do anything.
Just show me that smile.
I-I'm sorry.
That was a poor joke.
And just imagine,
if somebody saw me.
[gasping]
[LUFFY]
"Stardust of Death!
Diamante's Storm
of Vicious Attacks!"
[NURSES gasping]
[ALL gasping]
[SEÑOR]
Good morning, Russian.
[ALL laughing]
Aren't you a cutie?
Heard he lost his son,
and his wife's brain-dead.
[STREET WOMAN 716A] No wonder
he went off the deep end.
[BOTH laughing]
What is this?
The hell happened to your
fashion sense, Pink? [laughs]
[TREBOL]
Wow! Hey, you prankin' us?
[GLADIUS]
Where's your luxury suits?
You look goofy with a capital G!
Huh. I'm heading out.
Look! It's a weirdo!
Keep walking, you perv!
[STREET WOMAN 716B]
What a creep.
You can't just stroll
around in that get up.
Don't look. Here he comes.
Why's that moron
still wearing that junk?
Look! It's a freak!
Hey! Stop that.
[SEÑOR]
Russian. I'm sorry I'm late.
Hey, Russian.
[RUSSIAN] So, Honey.
What should we name him?
He looks like a Gimlet.
I think that suits him fine.
[GIMLET crying]
[SEÑOR]
Russian.
I look ridiculous,
but to me this silly outfit
is worth more than
the finest suit.
[SEÑOR] The only time
you smile for me anymore...
[SEÑOR]
...is when I wear this.
[RUSSIAN] Ah. It's a
wet one out there, huh?
Whew, I'm drenched. [giggles]
What's so amusing?
Aren't you freezing cold?
It's fine. I love rain.
Feels nice.
Don't you love it, too?
The rain.
[FRANKY yelling]
[yelling]
[panting]
[SEÑOR] Seems like the rain
you enjoyed so much...
[SEÑOR]
...finally let up.
[SEÑOR gasps]
[RUSSIAN]
Thanks, Honey.
[WOMEN]
Hang on! Señor!
[DWARVES] Fraland,
tell us that you're okay!
You're a real mess, bro.
What's going through
your head right now?
What's making you
hurt like that?
[FRANKY]
Tell ya what.
If we ever cross paths again,
let's have a round.
And you can tell me
all about that girl
who goes by "Russian."
Now! Little People!
Are you guys ready to wreck?
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
This factory made
you Tontattas suffer!
It's time to collect your
payback! Bust it up!
[DWARVES yell]
[FRANKY panting]
[DWARVES yelling]
[panting]
[FRANKY]
Good luck, little bros.
[FRANKY] The rest of this
is in your hands... Luffy.
Send the rescue team over here!
There's injured people!
[MARINE 716B]
Sir!
[BOTH gasp]
Show Time! Mwah!
Yeah, it's the final
act of your wretched lives!
I hope you're ready to
put on a good show for me!
Since I already
offed your mom,
it only makes sense to
wipe out the whole family!
Half Moon Glaive!
[DIAMANTE cackles]
Kyros! I thought you had it
up to here with me before.
What happened to
all the big talk, huh?
[DIAMANTE] Did you really think
I was just a gifted matador
whose name sends ripples
through the stadium?
You may have been the strongest
competitor at one point,
but that wasn't meant
to last forever.
I astound all while
slaying the competition.
The current hero
of the Colosseum
is the brilliant Diamante!
The current hero
of the Colosseum
is the brilliant Diamante!
The title means nothing to me!
Fame can be evasive,
I know! [cackles]
[DIAMANTE]
Army Bandera!
[KYROS gasps]
[cackling]
Be careful!
A fine attempt!
You almost had me.
[panting]
[cackles] I can't blame you!
You have been running around
the kingdom all day.
Then you gotta
protect your daughter
and the ground's all
wobbly-- Life's crazy!
I'm afraid you're a day late
and leg short, my man!
Anyone would be
at their limit by now.
Easy, Father!
[panting]
Any updates, Viola?
How is Kyros fairing in battle?
He's trying to hang in there,
but his body's exhausted.
Brother Kyros.
You mustn't falter yet!
Fight on. You must
avenge Scarlet.
[KYROS panting]
[KYROS] Only a fool would
patronize me for my leg.
Really?
If I were to use that
as an excuse,
I wouldn't have come here!
I take great pride!
It was a small sacrifice
for the man who saved me!
[DIAMANTE]
If you say so!
I won't feel guilty about
attacking your weak spot!
But it won't be any fun for me
to utterly crush you while
you need your nappy-wappy.
So what do ya say?
How about we pass the
time with a game, huh?
And now! The last showtime!
[gasps]
It's confetti.
It's just paper?
[DIAMANTE]
Confetti? Yes!
Paper? No!
I wonder what the
mystery item could be!
And now for my next trick!
Ripple Release!
Spikey metal balls?
[DIAMANTE]
Look at the breathtaking sight!
It like falling stardust!
[REBECCA]
Robin!
[ROBIN]
We have no place to hide.
[KYROS]
Robiland! Protect Rebecca!
[ROBIN] You're in danger,
too, Commander!
[KYROS]
Do not waste concern on me!
What a great view!
The last one you'll see.
I hate to boast, but my stardust
can wipe out an entire army.
And it's nearly
impossible to survive.
Luckily we are in this field.
Mil Fleurs!
Forgive me, flowers.
[DIAMANTE]
Heh.
It's too bad you're not
under here! Adios, pal!
Death Enjambre!
[BOTH gasp]
Flower Umbrella!
That was a close one.
[DIAMANTE]
Oh, not too shabby!
[KYROS]
Pay attention!
[DIAMANTE]
Huh?
Kyros! Wow!
Any army that would fall to this
trickery surely lacks training!
This is insanity!
How are you smacking
my stardust away mid-air?
[KYROS grunts]
[DIAMANTE]
Can you also walk through rain
without getting wet?
[KYROS yelling]
Fine, then!
[BOTH gasp]
[screams]
[KYROS screams]
Father, no!
[DIAMANTE cackles]
The sky is fallin', Kyros!
I bet you wouldn't have
stumbled if you still had
that extra leg
right about now, huh?
You can't do this
to him, Diamante!
Stop it, Rebecca!
Please stay under the canopy!
[KYROS groaning]
Father, no!
[cackles] Do you know
this is the same gun I used
to murder your
dear wife Scarlet?
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE] Come on.
Isn't it a little romantic
that you get to go out
in the same way as her?
You bastard!
I will never forgive you
for this, Diamante!
[cackles] Fine!
Then don't forgive me!
Come make me pay!
You want a piece?
I got a bullet for ya!
Just like your mommy.
Please unhand me, Robin!
I have to kill this man!
[cackling]
[KYROS groaning]
[ROBIN]
I'm not sure how much more
the Flower Umbrella
can withstand.
Damn you to hell, Diamante!
[REBECCA]
No way.
[gasping]
Lower you weapon
right now, Rebecca!
This is my fight!
Ten years you have
suffered on your own.
Come here! You need
to recover! You'll die!
For ten years, you've upheld
your mother's wish.
My mother told me I should never
hurt others, no matter what!
[KYROS]
But you must protect yourself
from those who would hurt you.
[COLOSSEUM MAN 716A]
Do something, Rebecca!
[GYATS] Rebecca has never
once wounded anybody!
So far, she's won every fight
just by letting her foes
fall off the side!
[COLOSSEUM MAN 716B] You only
win by disqualification!
[COLOSSEUM MAN 716C]
Shed some blood, you weakling!
You're a huge coward! Boo!
You should be ashamed
of your victory.
That's no way a gladiator
should claim glory!
[RANDOM MAN 651E] I hope
you get stabbed this time!
[RANDOM MAN 651H]
You're a descendant of evil!
[RANDOM MAN 652B]
You're nothing but garbage!
Though you've fought
in the Colosseum,
you still haven't harmed a soul!
Your hands are still clean.
They're untainted!
[KYROS]
Your mother's heart...
...resides in those
pristine hands.
[REBECCA]
Mother.
So I will not allow
for you to stain them
with this louse's blood!
[gasps]
From now on, you will
live your life peacefully!
[yelling]
[NARRATOR] Bearing Diamante's
grueling assault,
Kyros' willpower
is left unshaken.
Recollecting the
pain and anguish
he and Dressrosa suffered from
Doflamingo's despicable acts,
he finds the fortitude
to press on.
With renewed strength,
he summons forth a strike
aimed to liberate
his beloved kingdom.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Trueno Bastardo!
Kyros' Furious Strike!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!